[Music]
on TV you know but I think that there are
certain your parents your children I don't know there are
untouchable people not for just anyone no So no
what you're going to try to do is
avoid causing their memory their memory to be
stained or causing unnecessary harm
not to your children or to I don't know I see it that way I don't
think it was unnecessary if she's
not going to charge more or less for you know she already has her own path which is this no that it is I'm going to exploit my father's name my mother's name and everything that I can and I'm going to make a docuseries in which I appear
reinforce the image that she has achieved it
or rather I think she has achieved it well
I think that she has achieved it because
you think that Rocío Carrasco or rather it's that
at her father's funeral she was
booed and she wasn't booed because it
was Antonio David and he sent anyone
from bad or from Madrid that you're going to
send five to that to your neighbor to your
cousin that is absurd there was an outcry
plane outcry and and I also tell you it was very
early uh of
their separation we are talking about  year 2001
January 2001 and they had
separated two years before or so and at that
time Antonio David was not
so brutal with her I mean yes they
had that whole part of Tómbola of
one of the other's infidelities but it had
been a give and take mind that the
first of the separation was her on a
cover of Hola I mean she was the
first clarifications
and then also from María Teresa
Campos that I did live through that time
because in
2000 2002 he started working with
María Teresa Campos I don't know how
things worked I mean I want to
tell you that from then on it happened daily What
happens is that it's true that Antonio
David worked very well he worked very
well in interviews I interviewed him
many times on salsa Rosa then I
also shared some time with him
on a tu lado and Antonio David
suddenly grew a lot No if it was like he he
is an interview in Tómbola
punctual to defend himself a few
months Well a few months after
Carrasco was giving him a hard time but
it seems that he really hooks no  I mean, it seemed to
work very well with the audience, something
that Rocío Carrasco hasn't tested,
okay. And I'm telling you that we don't have it in a
state because Rocío Carrasco, except for
some specific raffle at the beginning, has later put
us back on a set, has
done her interviews in the written press,
okay. And she had her little theater there and her
things that she did with María Teresa
Campos and really, no, but I do
tell you that Antonio David worked very
well with the audience, I mean, Antonio David
was very much with the directors, I
mean, when there wasn't an issue, we would
bring Antonio David because I'm
Antonio David, did you know that he would give you information, right?
And Antonio David has probably also made
many mistakes with Rocío Carrasco and
above all, I think it's the same thing I was
telling you now with his children. You know,
because in the end these fights, using
the children between the parents, in the
end, the ones who cause the most damage are the
children, you know, I mean, and I think that's what I
was telling you that there are certain limits
that, no, that one cannot cross. Not
from my point of view, the same as it seems to me.
[Music]